doc: gsg: Add note on AArch64 Linux multilib availability (#84646)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/getting_started/index.rst

              python3-dev python3-pip python3-setuptools python3-tk python3-wheel xz-utils file \
              make gcc gcc-multilib g++-multilib libsdl2-dev libmagic1

         .. note::

>             On AArch64 (ARM64) systems, ``gcc-multilib``/``g++-multilib`` packages are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            On AArch64 (ARM64) systems, ``gcc-multilib`` and ``g++-multilib`` are
```

>             mostly unavailable. Without these packages the 32-bit ``unit_testing`` and
>             :ref:`native_sim <native_sim>` boards will not build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            not available. Without these packages it is not possible to target the
            32-bit ``unit_testing`` and 32 bit variant of :ref:`native_sim <native_sim>`.
```
the 64 bit native_sim should be fine
